systems.csv: Provide structured authenticated schema (#744)
MobilityData/gbfs: README.md

URL | REQUIRED | URL for the system from the `url` field in `system_information.json`. If the `url` field is not included in `system_information.json` this SHOULD be the primary URL for the system operator.
Auto-Discovery URL | REQUIRED | URL for the system's `gbfs.json` auto-discovery file.
Supported Versions | REQUIRED | List of GBFS version(s) under which the feed is published. Multiple values ​​are separated by a semi-colon surrounded with 1 space on each side for readability (" ; ").

> Authentication Info | Conditionally REQUIRED | If authentication is required, this MUST contain a URL to a human-readable page describing how the authentication should be performed and how credentials can be created.

Reviewer: Suggestion to rename this column to match with https://github.com/MobilityData/mobility-database-catalogs?tab=readme-ov-file#gtfs-schedule-schema.

```suggestion
Authentication Info URL | Conditionally REQUIRED | If authentication is required, this MUST contain a URL to a human-readable page describing how the authentication should be performed and how credentials can be created.
```

Author: I didn't change the name because I was concerned about backwards compatibility, both for the community with systems.csv and with our pipeline. @cka-y any concerns with modifying the column name?

Reviewer 2: On the pipeline side, we’ll need to implement changes to support authenticated GBFS feeds regardless. Renaming a column doesn’t introduce any additional complexity to that task.

Author: @richfab Then I think my only outstanding question is if there's any concerns for current consumers of systems.csv in modifying a column. If not, I'll add this change

Reviewer: @emmambd I have no concerns for consumers if we change the name of this column. I think it's worth it for consistency.

> Authentication Type | Conditionally REQUIRED |  If authentication is required, the type MUST be included. The **Authentication Type** field defines the type of authentication required to access the Auto-Discovery URL. Valid values for this field are: <ul> <li>**0** or **(empty)** - No authentication required.</li><li>**1** - The authentication requires an API key, which should be passed as value of the parameter `Authentication Parameter Name` in the URL. Please visit the URL in `Authentication Info URL` for more information. </li><li>**2** - The authentication requires an HTTP header, which should be passed as the value of the header `Authentication Parameter Name` in the HTTP request. </li></ul> When not provided, the authentication type is assumed to be **0**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication Type | Conditionally REQUIRED |  If authentication is required, the type MUST be included. The **Authentication Type** field defines the type of authentication required to access the feed. Valid values for this field are: <ul> <li>**0** or **(empty)** - No authentication required.</li><li>**1** - The authentication requires an API key, which should be passed as value of the parameter `Authentication Parameter Name` in the URL. Please visit the URL in `Authentication Info URL` for more information. </li><li>**2** - The authentication requires an HTTP header, which should be passed as the value of the header `Authentication Parameter Name` in the HTTP request. </li></ul> When not provided, the authentication type is assumed to be **0**.
```

> |Authentication Type | Conditionally REQUIRED |  If authentication is required, the type MUST be included. The **Authentication Type** field defines the type of authentication required to access the Authentication Info URL. Valid values for this field are: <ul> <li>**0** or **(empty)** - No authentication required.</li><li>**1** - The authentication requires an API key, which should be passed as value of the parameter `Authentication Parameter Name` in the URL. Please visit the URL in `Authentication Info` for more information. </li><li>**2** - The authentication requires an HTTP header, which should be passed as the value of the header `Authentication Parameter Name` in the HTTP request. </li></li>**3**: Ad-hoc authentication required, visit URL in `Authentication Info` for more information.</li></ul> When not provided, the authentication type is assumed to be **0**.|

Reviewer: Suggestion to:
- Remove optional pipes on either end of the table for consistency with the rest of the file ([GitHub doc](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-tables#creating-a-table)).
- Are any feeds currently using ad-hoc auth? If not, I suggest not introducing this new value until there is a need for it.

```suggestion
Authentication Type | Conditionally REQUIRED |  If authentication is required, the type MUST be included. The **Authentication Type** field defines the type of authentication required to access the Auto-Discovery URL. Valid values for this field are: <ul> <li>**0** or **(empty)** - No authentication required.</li><li>**1** - The authentication requires an API key, which should be passed as value of the parameter `Authentication Parameter Name` in the URL. Please visit the URL in `Authentication Info URL` for more information. </li><li>**2** - The authentication requires an HTTP header, which should be passed as the value of the header `Authentication Parameter Name` in the HTTP request. </li></ul> When not provided, the authentication type is assumed to be **0**.
```

> |Authentication Parameter Name | Conditionally REQUIRED | If authentication is required, the parameter name MUST be included. The **Authentication Parameter Name** field defines the name of the parameter to pass in the URL or header to provide the authentication credentials. This field is required for `Authentication Type=1` and `Authentication Type=2`.   |  

Reviewer: Suggestion to remove optional pipes on either end of the table for consistency with the rest of the file ([GitHub doc](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-tables#creating-a-table)).

```suggestion
Authentication Parameter Name | Conditionally REQUIRED | If authentication is required, the parameter name MUST be included. The **Authentication Parameter Name** field defines the name of the parameter to pass in the URL or header to provide the authentication credentials. This field is required for `Authentication Type=1` and `Authentication Type=2`. In case of multiple parameters, use the pipe character to separate them (`\|`).
```
